The Truth of Learning Model Matching 1 All recognition is
about matching models 2 Models are abstractions of things 3
The brain predicts based on memory not precision 4 The
brain's process approximating predictions based on familiar and commonly used
abstract models subject to validation or correction 5 Models constructed
for abstract concepts 6 Due to various reasons humans acquire
and accumulate a vast amount of abstract concept models using
them to build more abstract concept models thereby greatly changing
/ improving themselves and the world they rely on for
survival 7 For instance what is a circle A shape
where the distance from the center to any point on
the circumference is equal 8 Science is fundamentally about unambiguous
accurate and simple abstractions of the entire world